Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager 1020.1.12 (#2264)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020.1.12-upgraded-angular-and-web-sdk-versions-skip-cl.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Upgraded angular and webSDK versions  [skip-cl]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Upgraded Angular and webSDK versions  [skip-cl]"
```

Reviewer: What does [skip-cl] mean here?

Author: This is an internal identifier to not add content to the changelogs. The PR is now updated.

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1309"
version: "1020.1.12"
---

> For DTM, the webSDK version and angular version has been upgraded to 1020.0.22 and 17.3.1 respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Digital Twin Manager application, the Web SDK version and the Angular version have been upgraded to 1020.0.22 and 17.3.1 respectively.
```
